Wake up to reality! Nothing ever goes as planned in this accursed world. The longer you live, the more you realize that the only things that truly exist in this reality are merely pain. suffering and futility. Listen, everywhere you look in this world, wherever there is light, there will always be shadows to be found as well. As long as there is a concept of victors, the vanquished will also exist. The selfish intent of wanting to preserve peace, initiates war. and hatred is born in order to protect love. There are nexuses causal relationships that cannot be separated.

I want to severe the fate of this world. A world of only Victors. A world of only Peace. A world of only love. I will create such a world.

I am.

The Ghost Of The Uchiha

For truly this reality...

Is a Hell. -Madara Uchiha



Counter argu:



You say this world is hell.

You say pain is all that truly exists.

You say the only way to save everyone…
is to trap them in a dream.

You’re wrong.

Yeah — this world hurts. I know that better than anyone.
I grew up alone. Hated. Feared.
I know what it feels like to look around and think the whole world’s against you.

But that pain…
That loneliness…

It didn’t prove the world was hell.

It proved I wasn’t done changing it.

You talk about shadows like they’re proof that light doesn’t matter.
But shadows only exist because light is shining.

If everything was perfect from the start…
If nobody struggled…
If nobody cried…

Then nobody would understand each other.

You want a world of only victors.

But what’s a victory…
if nobody had to fight for it?

You want peace without conflict.

But peace isn’t something you force.

It’s something people choose.

You think ending suffering means ending reality.
You think controlling everyone’s happiness makes you a savior.

That’s not peace.

That’s running away.

You’re trying to erase pain because you couldn’t bear it.

But pain isn’t the enemy.

Hatred is.

And hatred doesn’t disappear when you close your eyes.
It disappears when people face each other… and understand each other.

I’m not naïve.
I know the cycle of hatred is real.

But cycles are meant to be broken.

Not escaped.

You wanted to sever fate.

I’ll prove fate can change.

Not with illusions.
Not with control.
Not by playing god.

But by trusting people.

This world isn’t hell.

It’s a place where people cry, laugh, fight, forgive… and grow stronger together.

And as long as there are people willing to stand back up—

There will never be a world of only darkness.

I’m not going to run from reality.

I’m going to protect it.

That’s my ninja way.- Naruto Uzumaki
